>> Brian Holt: So now basically everything
is completed on like the Redux side,but
now we need to go in and make the UI
actually dispatch out to Redux, okay?
So I want you to go to hap.jsx just real
quick.
>> Brian Holt: The first thing
that we need to do is we need to basically
make a Redux available to react.
So we're gonna import.
>> Brian Holt: Provider,
>> Brian Holt: From react-redux.
>> Brian Holt: So react-redux is a package
that all it does is it's just thin
little bindings between react and
redux that make it easier
to write redux with react.
It's by no means a hard requirement
that you use React Redux, you definitely
do not have to, but let me rephrase
that you're gonna want to for sure.
It just does a lot of the glue layer
stuff that's really un-fun to do.
And they do a good job at it.
So inside of BrowserRouter,
we're just gonna
put Provider, and then again, right there,
Provider.
>> Brian Holt: So
yep, that's what I thought.
Flow is gonna yell at you.
And this is another advantage
to using Flow here.
It's gonna say, hey, I'm expecting
something here called store and
you did not give it to me.
So, like I just forgot momentarily that
you also have to provide it a store.
So let's go ahead and do that real quick.
So we're gonna go import store from
./store.
>> Brian Holt: And then here
you're just gonna say store equals store.
>> Brian Holt: So,
this is another reason that I like Flow.
I love that my tools remind
me to do stuff like this,
cuz I totally would have forgotten and
moved on right now.
But that all happens because we have
React Redux typings from Flow types.
Something that people will point out to
me is that you could totally, it makes no
difference if Provider is on the outside
or BrowserRouter is on the outside.
It'll work either way.
I intentionally chose it this
way because we're gonna do
server-side rendering tomorrow.
That makes it a lot easier if
it's organized this way, but
if you weren't doing server-side
rendering it wouldn't make a difference.
Again this is what's called
a higher order component.
It self displays nothing, but
it does some stuff for you that it's gonna
put Redux on context, which is what
we were talking about previously.
So that we can refer to it in
another places inside of our app.
So, that is what's happening there.